.TH XVAffineWarp 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVAffineWarp \- class for with 2x2 affine matrix. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVAffineWarp.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineWarp\fR (float)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor used for rotation only, theta in radians.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineWarp\fR (float, float)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor used for scaling in x and y directions.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineWarp\fR (float, float, float)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor used for sheer only, two other variables are dummies.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineWarp\fR (float, float, float, float)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor used for simultaneous rotation, sheer and scaling.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineWarp\fR (\fBXVAffineMatrix\fR warp_matrix)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor used with an affine matrix *.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVSize\fR \fBsizeNeeded\fR (const \fBXVImageBase\fR<T> &)"
.br
.RI "\fIdetermines the minimum size of the source image needed for warping.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfindBounds\fR (const XVCoord2D &, const \fBXVSize\fR &, XVCoord2D &, XVCoord2D &, XVCoord2D &, XVCoord2D &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageBase\fR<T>& \fBwarp\fR (const \fBXVImageBase\fR<T> &, \fBXVImageBase\fR<T> &, const XVCoord2D &, int DIREC = INVERSE)"
.br
.RI "\fItransforms the source image, resulting in target image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageBase\fR<T>& \fBreverseWarp\fR (const \fBXVImageBase\fR<T> &, \fBXVImageBase\fR<T> &, const XVCoord2D &)"
.br
.RI "\fItransforms the source image in reverse, resulting in target image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "XVCoord2D \fBtransform\fR (XVCoord2D)"
.br
.RI "\fIdetermines matching coordinates in source image and in target image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIprints the contents of AMatrix to the screen for testing purposes.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinvertMatrix\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVAffineMatrix\fR \fBamatrix\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIa 2x2 matrix which multiplied by an image produces a warped image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBratio\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIa constant computed in constructor, frequently needed in warping.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T>  template class XVAffineWarp
class for with 2x2 affine matrix.
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file XVAffineWarp.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> XVAffineWarp<T>::XVAffineWarp<T> (\fBXVAffineMatrix\fR warp_matrix)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
constructor used with an affine matrix *.
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file XVAffineWarp.h.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> \fBXVAffineMatrix\fR XVAffineWarp<T>::amatrix\fC [private]\fR
.PP
a 2x2 matrix which multiplied by an image produces a warped image.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file XVAffineWarp.h.
.SS template<classT> float XVAffineWarp<T>::ratio\fC [private]\fR
.PP
a constant computed in constructor, frequently needed in warping.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XVAffineWarp.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.