.TH XVColVector 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVColVector \- XVColVector class For specifics on the member functions here, see the XVMatrix class from which this is derived. Basically, \fBXVRowVector\fR is a horizontal matrix, while XVColVector is a vertical matrix. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVMatrix.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits XVMatrix.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR (int nn)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR (const XVColVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~XVColVector\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresize\fR (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "FrReal& \fBoperator[]\fR (int n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const FrReal& \fBoperator[]\fR (int n) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector& \fBoperator=\fR (const XVColVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector& \fBoperator<<\fR (const XVColVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector& \fBoperator<<\fR (FrReal *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector& \fBoperator=\fR (const XVMatrix &m)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector& \fBoperator=\fR (FrReal x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector \fBoperator+\fR (const XVColVector &mat) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector \fBoperator-\fR (const XVColVector &mat) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector \fBoperator *\fR (FrReal x) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector \fBoperator-\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVColVector \fBRows\fR (int first_row, int last_row)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVRowVector\fR \fBt\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "FrReal \fBip\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "FrReal \fBip\fR (const XVColVector &) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR (XVMatrix &m, int j)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR (XVColVector &m, int startr, int nrows)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBXVMatrix\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
XVColVector class For specifics on the member functions here, see the XVMatrix class from which this is derived. Basically, \fBXVRowVector\fR is a horizontal matrix, while XVColVector is a vertical matrix.
.PP
Definition at line 336 of file XVMatrix.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS XVColVector::XVColVector (XVMatrix & m, int j)\fC [inline, protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector::XVColVector (XVColVector & m, int startr, int nrows)\fC [inline, protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector::XVColVector ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector::XVColVector (int nn)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector::XVColVector (const XVColVector & v)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector::~XVColVector ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 198 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void XVColVector::resize (int i)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS FrReal & XVColVector::operator[] (int n)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS const FrReal & XVColVector::operator[] (int n) const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVColVector XVColVector::Rows (int first_row, int last_row)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class XVMatrix\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 338 of file XVMatrix.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.