.TH XVImageGeneric 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVImageGeneric \- Very basic definition (non-templated) of an image. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVImageBase.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBXVSize\fR, and XVPosition.
.PP
Inherited by \fBXVImageBase\fR, \fBXVIterator\fR, and XVRectangleBlob.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageGeneric\fR (const \fBXVSize\fR &xsize, const XVPosition &xvp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageGeneric\fR (const \fBXVSize\fR &xsize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageGeneric\fR (const int cw, const int rh, const int px = 0, const int py = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageGeneric\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVImageGeneric\fR (const XVImageGeneric &xvg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBwithin\fR (const XVImageGeneric & outer) const"
.br
.RI "\fIChecks if this region is completely bounded by another.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcontains\fR (const XVPosition & pos) const"
.br
.RI "\fIchecks if a point is contained by this region.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Very basic definition (non-templated) of an image.
.PP
XVImageGeneric specifies the dimension aspects of a image, but due to its a lack of templatization, it is suitable as  the definition of a "window." If you need to use the data from image, use \fBXVImageBase\fR. 
.PP
Definition at line 241 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS XVImageGeneric::XVImageGeneric (const \fBXVSize\fR & xsize, const XVPosition & xvp)
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVImageGeneric::XVImageGeneric (const \fBXVSize\fR & xsize)
.PP
Definition at line 248 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVImageGeneric::XVImageGeneric (const int cw, const int rh, const int px = 0, const int py = 0)
.PP
Definition at line 251 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVImageGeneric::XVImageGeneric ()
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVImageGeneric::XVImageGeneric (const XVImageGeneric & xvg)
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS bool XVImageGeneric::within (const XVImageGeneric & outer) const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Checks if this region is completely bounded by another.
.PP
This region is within the outer region if this region's boundary is within or on the boundary of the outer region. 
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS bool XVImageGeneric::contains (const XVPosition & pos) const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
checks if a point is contained by this region.
.PP
The point is contained by the region if the  the point is inside or on the boundary of the  region. 
.PP
Definition at line 276 of file XVImageBase.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.