.TH XVIterator 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVIterator \- XVImageIterator is a class which encapsulates the pointer logic for iterating across images. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVImageIterator.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBXVImageGeneric\fR.
.PP
Inherited by XVImageIterator\fC [virtual]\fR, and XVImageWIterator\fC [virtual]\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR (\fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> & imref)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR (\fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> & imref, int xsize, int ysize, const int px = 0, const int py = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIResets an iterator on the partial image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR (XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> & iter)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR (\fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> & imref, const \fBXVImageGeneric\fR & xvg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVIterator\fR (\fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> & imref, const \fBXVSize\fR & xsize, const XVPosition & xvp)"
.br
.RI "\fISubimage Constructor: \fBXVSize\fR and two integer defined subimage.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrposx\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent X Position.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrposy\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent Y Position.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>& \fBoperator++\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix Increment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>& \fBoperator+=\fR (const int val)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrement by a constant value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fR (XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> & iter)"
.br
.RI "\fIAre two iterators equal?.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fR (XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> & iter)"
.br
.RI "\fILess than operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator >\fR (XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> & iter)"
.br
.RI "\fILess than operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE& \fBoperator *\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDereference for Read Iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE* \fBoperator->\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to Member for Read Iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBend\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAt or after the end of the iterator?.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBbeginning\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAt or before the end of the iterator? returns true if the ptr is located before the upper left corner of the image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoveBy\fR (signed int diffxpos, signed int diffypos)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove: Move the iterator to a position in its defined window.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoveBy\fR (const XVPosition & diffPos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmove\fR (const XVPosition & xvp)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove: Move the iterator to a position in its defined window.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmove\fR (int x, int y)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual PIXTYPE* \fBgetDataPtr\fR (\fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> &) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit_ptrs\fR ( const \fBXVImageBase\fR<PIXIMTYPE> & imref, int xsize, int ysize, int px = 0, int py = 0 )"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE* \fBuleftptr\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE* \fBptr\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE* \fBendrowptr\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "PIXTYPE* \fBbottomcrnr\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlineskip\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrowlength\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class PIXTYPE, class PIXIMTYPE>  template class XVIterator
XVImageIterator is a class which encapsulates the pointer logic for iterating across images.
.PP
Definition of Iterators for Images. These Iterators are a way of  encapsulating the pointer arithmetic logic required for moving across an image using normal operations of ++, and easy to understand for and while loops.
.PP
For maximum performance pointers are faster, but the timings on  these iterators using box filters, etc. have been about double  the values of straight pointer arithmetic.
.PP
To iterate across an image img of type Tx: XVImageIterator<Tx> imgIter(img);
.PP
for (; imgIter.end() == false ; ++imgIter) { code } 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> (\fBXVImageBase\fR< PIXIMTYPE >& imref)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> (\fBXVImageBase\fR< PIXIMTYPE >& imref, int xsize, int ysize, const int px = 0, const int py = 0)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> (XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& iter)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Copy constructor.
.PP
Copies Iterators. 
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> (\fBXVImageBase\fR< PIXIMTYPE >& imref, const \fBXVImageGeneric\fR & xvg)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE> (\fBXVImageBase\fR< PIXIMTYPE >& imref, const \fBXVSize\fR & xsize, const XVPosition & xvp)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Subimage Constructor: \fBXVSize\fR and two integer defined subimage.
.PP
Will assert that your defined subimage is contained by the image you wish to iterate across. 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::init_ptrs (const \fBXVImageBase\fR< PIXIMTYPE >& imref, int xsize, int ysize, int px = 0, int py = 0)\fC [inline, protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::reset ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Resets an iterator on the partial image.
.PP
It leaves the size of the window the same, moving it in the image to a specified location (x,y) given by two parameters. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> int XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::currposx ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Current X Position.
.PP
Returns the current position of the iterator on the x-axis, using the upper left corner as an origin. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> int XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::currposy ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Current Y Position.
.PP
Returns the current position of the iterator on the y-axis, using the upper left corner as an origin. 
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Prefix Increment.
.PP
Moves the iterator to the next row position in the iterator using prefix syntax, wrapping to the next row when necessary. For Example: in a 2 by 3 iterator the sequence of coordinates sequenced by iterator calls would be: (0,0) --> (1,0) --> (0,1) --> (1,1) --> (0,2) --> (1,2). 
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator+= (const int val)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Increment by a constant value.
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> bool XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator== (XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& iter)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Are two iterators equal?.
.PP
Equality for iterators --> do they point to the same position in the pixmap? 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> bool XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator< (XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& iter)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Less than operator.
.PP
(i2 < i3) returns true if i2 points to a position in the pixmap that is before i3s. In debugging, the function asserts that the  two iterators point to the same image. 
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> bool XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator > (XVIterator< PIXTYPE,PIXIMTYPE >& iter)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Less than operator.
.PP
(i2 > i3) returns true if i2 points to a position after i3s. In debugging, the function asserts that both iterators i2 &  i3 refer to the same image. 
.PP
Definition at line 203 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE & XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator * ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Dereference for Read Iterators.
.PP
Returns a const reference to the actual entry in the pixmap that the iterator points to. 
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE * XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::operator-> ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Pointer to Member for Read Iterators.
.PP
Returns current iterating pointer, as const. 
.PP
Definition at line 223 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> bool XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::end ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
At or after the end of the iterator?.
.PP
Returns true if the ptr is past the end of the set size  area of the image. 
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> bool XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::beginning ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
At or before the end of the iterator? returns true if the ptr is located before the upper left corner of the image.
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::moveBy (signed int diffxpos, signed int diffypos)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Move: Move the iterator to a position in its defined window.
.PP
Moves the iterator by an amount (x,y) given as two parameters. For example to move to the beginning of the image, the call would be: iter.move (-iter.currposx(),-iter.currposy()); 
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::moveBy (const XVPosition & diffPos)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 261 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::move (const XVPosition & xvp)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Move: Move the iterator to a position in its defined window.
.PP
Moves the iterator to a position (x,y) defined by an XVPosition. To move to the beginning of the image, use  XVIterator<T> xvi(...) {  // code xvi.move(xvi); } because the position an iterator represents is its upperleft-corner. 
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> void XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::move (int x, int y)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 285 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE * XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::uleftptr\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE * XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::ptr\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE * XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::endrowptr\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> PIXTYPE * XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::bottomcrnr\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> int XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::lineskip\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file XVImageIterator.h.
.SS template<classPIXTYPE, classPIXIMTYPE> int XVIterator<PIXTYPE, PIXIMTYPE>::rowlength\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file XVImageIterator.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.