.TH XVRowVector 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVRowVector \- XVRowVector class For specifics on the member functions here, see the XVMatrix class from which this is derived. Basically, XVRowVector is a horizontal matrix, while \fBXVColVector\fR is a vertical matrix. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVMatrix.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits XVMatrix.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVRowVector\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVRowVector\fR (int nn)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVRowVector\fR (const XVRowVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresize\fR (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "FrReal& \fBoperator[]\fR (int n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const FrReal& \fBoperator[]\fR (int n) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVRowVector& \fBoperator=\fR (const XVRowVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVRowVector& \fBoperator<<\fR (const XVRowVector &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVRowVector& \fBoperator=\fR (const XVMatrix &m)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVRowVector& \fBoperator=\fR (FrReal x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVColVector\fR \fBt\fR () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVRowVector\fR (XVMatrix &m, int i)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBXVMatrix\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
XVRowVector class For specifics on the member functions here, see the XVMatrix class from which this is derived. Basically, XVRowVector is a horizontal matrix, while \fBXVColVector\fR is a vertical matrix.
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file XVMatrix.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS XVRowVector::XVRowVector (XVMatrix & m, int i)\fC [inline, protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 250 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVRowVector::XVRowVector ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVRowVector::XVRowVector (int nn)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS XVRowVector::XVRowVector (const XVRowVector & v)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 244 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void XVRowVector::resize (int i)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS FrReal & XVRowVector::operator[] (int n)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SS const FrReal & XVRowVector::operator[] (int n) const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file XVMatrix.icc.
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class XVMatrix\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 307 of file XVMatrix.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.