.TH XVScalarTable 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVScalarTable \- XVScalarTable. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVLookupTable.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits XVLookupTable.
.PP
Inherited by \fBXVScalarRangeTable\fR, and \fBXVThresholdTable\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVScalarTable\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbuildTable\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIIterates through each of the possible values and computes the pixel value of a given type.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator[]\fR (const u_char pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator()\fR (const u_char pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator[]\fR (const u_short pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator()\fR (const u_short pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator[]\fR (const char pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator()\fR (const char pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator[]\fR (const short pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator()\fR (const short pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator[]\fR (const int pixel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Y \fBoperator()\fR (const int pixel)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual Y \fBcomputeValue\fR (T pixel) = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T, class Y>  template class XVScalarTable
XVScalarTable.
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
 Sam Lang 
.PP
\fBVersion: \fR
.in +1c
 
.PP
\fBId: \fR XVLookupTable.h,v 1.4 2005/02/22 02:35:54 cvsuser Exp 
.PP
The XVScalarTable defines a lookup table for fast conversion between a grayscale (char, short, etc.) pixel, and another value. T should be a built-in type, nothing bigger than a short (16 bits). Anything bigger is just too big. 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classY> XVScalarTable<T, Y>::XVScalarTable<T, Y> ()
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classY> void XVScalarTable< T,Y >::buildTable (void)
.PP
Iterates through each of the possible values and computes the pixel value of a given type.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBXVScalarRangeTable\fR.
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file XVLookupTable.icc.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator[] (const u_char pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator() (const u_char pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator[] (const u_short pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator() (const u_short pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator[] (const char pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 122 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator() (const char pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator[] (const short pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator() (const short pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator[] (const int pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classT, classY> Y XVScalarTable<T, Y>::operator() (const int pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file XVLookupTable.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.