.TH XVSize 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVSize \- A section of data. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVImageBase.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBXVImageGeneric\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVSize\fR (const int cw, const int rh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVSize\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~XVSize\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVSize\fR (const XVSize & xsize)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Copy Constructor uses an item copy.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWidth\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHeight\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBRows\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBColumns\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresize\fR (const XVSize & xsize)"
.br
.RI "\fIResizes the Size class using an XVSize.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresize\fR (int set_width, int set_height)"
.br
.RI "\fIResizes the Size class, taking a width and a height.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "XVSize& \fBoperator=\fR (const XVSize &xs)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "XVSize& \fBoperator+=\fR (const XVSize & s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVSize& \fBoperator-=\fR (const XVSize & s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "XVSize& \fBoperator *=\fR (int val)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwidth\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBheight\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A section of data.
.PP
XVSize is the base class for anything that is  a section of some data, that is a width and a height, or some number of rows and columns. This is the base class for \fBXVImageGeneric\fR (from which we derive \fBXVImageBase\fR and its class hierarchy), Video, and Matrix. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS XVSize::XVSize (const int cw, const int rh)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize::XVSize ()\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize::~XVSize ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize::XVSize (const XVSize & xsize)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
The Copy Constructor uses an item copy.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file XVImageBase.h.
.PP
Referenced by XVWindowX::resize().
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int XVSize::Width () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS int XVSize::Height () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS int XVSize::Rows () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS int XVSize::Columns () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS void XVSize::resize (const XVSize & size)\fC [inline, virtual]\fR
.PP
Resizes the Size class using an XVSize.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBXVImageBase\fR, \fBXVRemoteWindowX\fR, \fBXVWindow\fR, and \fBXVWindowX\fR.
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS void XVSize::resize (int w, int h)\fC [inline, virtual]\fR
.PP
Resizes the Size class, taking a width and a height.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBXVImageBase\fR, and \fBXVWindowX\fR.
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize & XVSize::operator= (const XVSize & xs)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Assignment operator.
.PP
Works just like resize(XVSize &). 
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize & XVSize::operator+= (const XVSize & s)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize & XVSize::operator-= (const XVSize & s)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS XVSize & XVSize::operator *= (int val)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int XVSize::width\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file XVImageBase.h.
.SS int XVSize::height\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file XVImageBase.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.