.TH XVYUVTable 3 "26 Oct 2007" "XVision" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XVYUVTable \- XVYUVTable. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <XVLookupTable.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits XVLookupTable.
.PP
Inherited by \fBXVYUVConversionTable\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXVYUVTable\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbuildTable\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TO_TYPE \fBoperator[]\fR (const XV_YUV24)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TO_TYPE \fBoperator()\fR (const XV_YUV24)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual TO_TYPE \fBcomputeValue\fR (YUV_TYPE) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TO_TYPE& \fBtableElement\fR (const XV_YUV24 p)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class YUV_TYPE, class TO_TYPE>  template class XVYUVTable
XVYUVTable.
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
 Sam Lang 
.PP
\fBVersion: \fR
.in +1c
 
.PP
\fBId: \fR XVLookupTable.h,v 1.4 2005/02/22 02:35:54 cvsuser Exp 
.PP
Base class for fast table lookup conversion from YUV (XV_YUV24) to some other type. Since a 24 bit lookup table (16 megs) is too big, the 24 bit YUV values are converted to a Y->8, U->4, V->4 format, and that value is computed from the lookup table. This allows for only a 16 bit lookup table (56k).
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
 XVPixel.h 
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classYUV_TYPE, classTO_TYPE> XVYUVTable<YUV_TYPE, TO_TYPE>::XVYUVTable<YUV_TYPE, TO_TYPE> ()
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classYUV_TYPE, classTO_TYPE> TO_TYPE & XVYUVTable<YUV_TYPE, TO_TYPE>::tableElement (const XV_YUV24 p)\fC [inline, protected]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 253 of file XVLookupTable.h.
.SS template<classYUV_TYPE, classTO_TYPE> void XVYUVTable< YUV_TYPE,TO_TYPE >::buildTable (void)
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file XVLookupTable.icc.
.SS template<classYUV_TYPE, classTO_TYPE> TO_TYPE XVYUVTable< YUV_TYPE,TO_TYPE >::operator[] (const pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file XVLookupTable.icc.
.SS template<classYUV_TYPE, classTO_TYPE> TO_TYPE XVYUVTable< YUV_TYPE,TO_TYPE >::operator() (const pixel)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file XVLookupTable.icc.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XVision from the source code.